h1. EEJS, for ExpressionEngine

EEJS is a javascript library that helps you to develop ExpressionEngine add-ons by giving 
you easy access to EE settings and channel information from within your javascript library.

Currently early in development, the aim of this library is to open up information within 
the ExpressionEngine installation so that it can be easily consumed by JS libraries.

h2. Examples:

<pre>
//EE PHP Configurations & Constants
eejs.config('webmaster_email');             // webmaster@example.com
eejs.action('Member', 'register_member');   // 10 

//URLs
eejs.url('foo/bar')                         // http://example.com/foo/bar/
eejs.templateUrl('foo/bar')                 // http://example.com/index.php/foo/bar/
eejs.actionUrl('Member', 'member_login')    // http://example.com/?ACT=15
</pre>

h2. Installation

The library is packaged as an ExpressionEngine extension. 

# Copy the <code>system/expressionengine/third_party/eejs</code> folder to the same 
location in your EE installation
# Install the extension by logging into your EE control panel and going to 
Add-ons &rarr; Extensions and then installing the Eejs extension.


h2. Documentation

Sorry, but this is still to be done.  

If you have time on your hands, or are insanely interested, you can have a look through the
behaviour tests <code>system/expressionengine/third_party/eejs/tests/spec/EejsSpec.js</code> to see
how the module currently works!

If you're feeling super helpful you could even fork, write some documentation and submit
a pull request!